# Welcome to AWS Secres CDK TypeScript project:

This is a sample AWS CDK application written in TypeScript that demonstrates how to deploy a Lambda function and retrieve a secret from AWS Secrets Manager. This example assumes that you have already created a secret in AWS Secrets Manager.

Step 1: Set Up Your CDK Project
Ensure you have Node.js and npm installed on your machine. Then, set up a new CDK project with TypeScript.

npm install -g aws-cdk
cdk init app --language typescript

Step 2: Store a secret in AWS Secrets Manager using the AWS Management Console and recall it in your AWS CDK application.

Storing a Secret in AWS Secrets Manager:
1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console: Go to the AWS Management Console and sign in to your AWS account.
2. Navigate to AWS Secrets Manager: Find and select "Secrets Manager" from the list of services in the AWS Management Console.
3. Create a New Secret:
    Click on the "Store a new secret" button.
    Choose the "Other type of secrets" option.
    Enter the secret key-value pairs. For example, you could have a key "password" with its corresponding value.
    Optionally, add a description and tags for the secret.
    Click on "Next".
4. Configure the Secret: Provide a name for the secret and configure additional settings as needed, such as rotation, encryption, and IAM permissions. Then, click on "Next".
5. Review and Store the Secret: Review the details of the secret you are about to create, and then click on "Store".

Step 3: Write Your CDK Stack and recall the Secret in Your AWS CDK Application:
Create a file named secretsstack.ts in your lib directory and use code as defined in this project.

Step 4: Deploy Your Stack
Deploy your CDK stack to AWS.

cdk deploy

Step 5: Test Your Application
After the deployment is complete, you can test your application by invoking the Lambda function either manually or programmatically. The Lambda function should be able to access the secret stored in AWS Secrets Manager.

Testing Manually via AWS Management Console:

1. Sign in to the AWS Management Console: Go to the AWS Management Console and sign in to your AWS account.
2. Navigate to AWS Lambda: Find and select "Lambda" from the list of services in the AWS Management Console.
3. Find Your Lambda Function: Locate the Lambda function you deployed earlier (MyLambdaFunction).
4. Invoke the Lambda Function Manually:
    Click on the "Test" button.
    Optionally, configure a test event (or use the default).
    Click on the "Test" button again to invoke the Lambda function.
5. View Results: After invoking the Lambda function, review the execution results, including any logs or output generated by the function.

Step 6: Cleanup
After testing, don't forget to clean up your resources to avoid incurring unnecessary charges.

cdk destroy
